README.md, before:

# Farewell Cue Collection
![header](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/752203178715644024/901051628013105212/20211022121702_1.jpg)
## Read me first!
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Format of Guide](#formatting)
- [Credits](#credits)
## Content
You can access each markdown file through the table of contents, or by opening each markdown file at the top in a new link.
- [Jelly Mechanics](https://github.com/Tiyo98/farewell-cue-collection/blob/main/jellymechanics.md)
- [Farewell DTS](https://github.com/Tiyo98/farewell-cue-collection/blob/main/Farewell.md)
## Introduction
This will show the cues for some minor or major strats I personally use in Farewell. This will only have Farewell DTS for now as it's the most relevant way to speedrun this chapter currently as it saves one minute compared to no DTS, but some strats are applicable for 1-Dash Farwell. 
\
**Notes**: This is most often strats that I use, not necessarily the fastest ones. Also some strats I don't really use cues for them so they will not be listed, but for every strat I use one, it will be listed here. This is in no way a complete guide to learn the chapter, it's only a way to assist with running them. If you have a cue that you think should be added dm me on Discord (Tiyo#0575).
\
I assume the reader already knows what each tech is named and what they do. I will not explain them here. If you need further help, go to the [Celeste discord server](https://discord.com/invite/celeste) and ask in the #speedrun-help channel.
## Formatting
This collection will be split up into different markdown files to avoid needing to load 50+ gifs at a time when checking this page. Each checkpoint will have its own table of contents and follow the format given below.
Attached below are some drawings of format of the guide, and you should read it as such. Shoutouts to koralreef for these.
\
![1](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293555577991200770/775444116707606558/unknown.png)
![for now](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293555577991200770/775400802339913768/unknown.png)
## Credits
Thanks for buhbai and koralreef for the inspiration for this with their guides. And special shoutout again to koralreef as I'm basically just copying the formatting of [his collection](https://github.com/koralreeef/anypercent-cuecollection).</br>
Thanks to Sleepy__Dan__ for feedback on this when learning the chapter for the first time.</br>
Thanks to GrosHiken for checking over this guide and contributing to some strats. </br>
Thanks to yujene for checking over this guide and contributing strats and helping rephrasing a bunch of sentences for better clarity.</br>
Thanks to everyone else for reading this.
## Updates
2023-01-21: Cue Collection Release

Commit message:

added verdal as thanks and added a you

README.md, after:

# Farewell Cue Collection
![header](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/752203178715644024/901051628013105212/20211022121702_1.jpg)
## Read me first!
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Format of Guide](#formatting)
- [Credits](#credits)
## Content
You can access each markdown file through the table of contents, or by opening each markdown file at the top in a new link.
- [Jelly Mechanics](https://github.com/Tiyo98/farewell-cue-collection/blob/main/jellymechanics.md)
- [Farewell DTS](https://github.com/Tiyo98/farewell-cue-collection/blob/main/Farewell.md)
## Introduction
This will show the cues for some minor or major strats I personally use in Farewell. This will only have Farewell DTS for now as it's the most relevant way to speedrun this chapter currently as it saves one minute compared to no DTS, but some strats are applicable for 1-Dash Farwell. 
\
**Notes**: This is most often strats that I use, not necessarily the fastest ones. Also some strats I don't really use cues for them so they will not be listed, but for every strat I use one, it will be listed here. This is in no way a complete guide to learn the chapter, it's only a way to assist with running them. If you have a cue that you think should be added dm me on Discord (Tiyo#0575).
\
I assume the reader already knows what each tech is named and what they do. I will not explain them here. If you need further help, go to the [Celeste discord server](https://discord.com/invite/celeste) and ask in the #speedrun-help channel.
## Formatting
This collection will be split up into different markdown files to avoid needing to load 50+ gifs at a time when checking this page. Each checkpoint will have its own table of contents and follow the format given below.
Attached below are some drawings of format of the guide, and you should read it as such. Shoutouts to koralreef for these.
\
![1](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293555577991200770/775444116707606558/unknown.png)
![for now](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293555577991200770/775400802339913768/unknown.png)
## Credits
Thanks for buhbai and koralreef for the inspiration for this with their guides. And special shoutout again to koralreef as I'm basically just copying the formatting of [his collection](https://github.com/koralreeef/anypercent-cuecollection).</br>
Thanks to Sleepy__Dan__ for feedback on this when learning the chapter for the first time.</br>
Thanks to GrosHiken for checking over this guide and contributing to some strats. </br>
Thanks to yujene for checking over this guide and contributing strats and helping rephrasing a bunch of sentences for better clarity.</br>
Thanks to Verdal for feedback regarding the clarity when explaining strats and pointing out some obvious typos.</br>
Thanks to everyone else for reading this.
## Updates
2023-01-21: Cue Collection Release
